Add alter partition demo in placement in sql (#8071)
pingcap/docs: placement-rules-in-sql.md

  userdata VARCHAR(100) NOT NULL
) PLACEMENT POLICY=p1 PARTITION BY LIST COLUMNS (country) (
  PARTITION pEurope VALUES IN ('DE', 'FR', 'GB') PLACEMENT POLICY=europe,
  PARTITION pNorthAmerica VALUES IN ('US', 'CA', 'MX') PLACEMENT POLICY=northamerica,
  PARTITION pAsia VALUES IN ('CN', 'KR', 'JP')
);
```

If a partition has no attached policies, it tries to apply possibly existing policies on the table. For example, the `pEurope` partition will apply the `europe` policy, but the `pAsia` partition will apply the `p1` policy from table `t1`. If `t1` has no assigned policies, `pAsia` will not apply any policy, too.

> Altering the placement policy of a specified partition is supported. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After assigning placement options to a partition, you can also alter the assigned placement options. For example:
```

> After assigning placement policies to a partition, you can also alter the assigned placement policies. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also alter the placement policies assigned to a specific partition. For example:
```
